Add Template Engine README and update links in documentation/TemplateEngine folder (#54169)
dotnet/sdk: documentation/TemplateEngine/Naming-and-default-value-forms.md

When selecting a `sourceName` for a template you're authoring, keep in mind the default value forms applied to this symbol: 
- `identity` - the value as entered by user.

> - `namespace` - the value transformed in a way to be a correct .NET namespace.  [Details](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/0d8f160e2f7/src/TemplateEngine/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Orchestrator.RunnableProjects/ValueForms/DefaultSafeNamespaceValueFormFactory.cs#L17-L59)

Author: ```suggestion
- `namespace` - the value transformed in a way to be a correct .NET namespace.  [Details](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/0d8f160e2f7/src/TemplateEngine/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Orchestrator.RunnableProjects/ValueForms/DefaultSafeNamespaceValueFormFactory.cs#L16-L58)
```

> - `class name` - the value transformed in a way to be a correct .NET class name. [Details](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/0d8f160e2f7/src/TemplateEngine/Microsoft.TemplateEngine.Orchestrator.RunnableProjects/ValueForms/DefaultSafeNameValueFormFactory.cs#L15-L21)

Author: fixed in https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/pull/54169/commits/54c59485d5a48a66a8d01b883ce1ce1155201903
